docs: create a new documents for offline pool deletion and offline node deletion (#576)
openebs/website: docs/main/user-guides/replicated-storage-user-guide/replicated-pv-mayastor/advanced-operations/offline-pool-deletion.md

```

## Requirements

Before performing purge, ensure that the pool is cordoned to prevent any new replicas or snapshots from being scheduled on it.

Refer to the [Pool Cordon documentation](../advanced-operations/cordon-pools.md) for details on how to cordon a pool.

**Example: Cordon the Pool**

Before purge, cordon the pool to prevent new replicas or snapshots from being scheduled.

**Command**

```
kubectl openebs mayastor cordon pool pool-node-1-469894 -n openebs --replicas --snapshots
```

**Sample Output**

```
Pool pool-node-1-469894 cordoned successfully. Current constraints: replicas,snapshots
```

## Review Purge Impact

Before performing purge, review the affected replicas and volumes.

**Command**

```
kubectl openebs mayastor delete pool <pool-id> -n openebs --show-impact
```

**Sample Output**

```
POOL                STATUS   CORDON  REPLICAS  VOLUMES                               READY 
pool-node-1-469894  Unknown  Ready   1         86598b37-4a37-4a85-a014-4f5e5022bb4e  true
```

## Purge a Pool

Use the following command to purge an irrecoverable pool from the Replicated PV Mayastor control plane.

:::note

> Use `--cleanup-dsp` to remove DiskPool custom resources (CRs) for pools associated with the purged node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `--cleanup-dsp` to remove DiskPool custom resources (CRs) for the purged pool.
```
